hey guys I'm here with another customer
review and this one's on my very first
custom the first one I've ever made and
I think it's pretty darn good for like a
first customer
yeah this was mine it's actually my
fan-made character actually like it's a
family character but I didn't make a
move actually I made up this Goshen tho
Goshen all started with this Dragon Ball
AF picture it's actually on my
background for my channel it was just
this like kid dug like Goku pretty much
in a weird outfit that's it son Goshen
so I guess I like the name and then I
started using it normal user names and
that's how it all became Goshen but I
wanted to make my own figure of Goshen
so I made a Goshen but my own style
because the Dragon Ball AF picture does
not look like this cushion I just made
up this style of Goshen so yeah this is
my
Goshen my my style Goshen okay so I
decided to make a figure of how I
pictured Goshen myself so I like the
idea of Goku looking character yeah I
guess like when he was a kid he looks
like go tengoku whatever but when he
turns when he's an adult or a teen or
whatever an adult he looks like you go
on so yeah and I really like like the
hair color than they used in some the
black in the red it just looks good
together so I decided to make his hair
his hair like that it's outfits like
that I used for this figure what I used
was a super battle collection can go ten
body and I used the arms of a bootleg
super bowel collection could go on so I
pretty much took that little part put
the arms onto
the goats embody and that's how I mean
the body pretty much the hair I sculpt
in myself actually this whole front part
is by me
I made the whole front part of the hair
the back part is all built ins actual
hair from the figure I made the front
part out of sculpting so I actually am
really proud of that it looks very good
and you can actually take off the
clothes here a shirt you get to get off
and that's how he looks without his top
without the top of his key
yeah I'm really proud of this figure
especially for my first I love it and I
pretty much colored in first headband
right here
I colored it in but yeah it's really
good and I'm really proud of it
also the shirt the top part of the of
the game it's not from the actual sue
about collection Goten and actually from
a bootleg Goten ahead
that was a bootleg officer of our
collection but I couldn't find its
actual top piece so I just used a
bootleg one and just painted it red and
yeah these are clearly paints for my
custom figures actually Dragonball toys
and inspired me on making my own figures
and this article and Beckett also
inspired me to make my custom made stuff
so yeah I really like this figure he's
not for sale once again not for sale so
yeah until my next custom review